---
title: "Growing Up (Misc - 200 points) [SHA2017 CTF]"
date: 2017-10-22 00:00:04 +0530
categories:
  - Write-ups
header:
  teaser: "https://i.imgur.com/V5Vhzl9.png"
tags:
  - SHA2017
excerpt: "Hints for JuniorCTF of SHA2017 CTF's Main CTF's Growing Up Problem."
---

This was a JuniorCTF given as the problem Growing Up in SHA2017 CTF. JuniorCTF was a good one for new people who might want to start with CTFs.

[Here's a link to the same](https://junior.stillhackinganyway.nl).

# Binary
## 1. Find The Flag
> Use `strings`

## 3. Hidden Message
> `ApkTool`

## 4. Jump Around
> Requires knowing x86 Assembly Language.

> Observe the jumps 

## 4. FlipACoin
> Requires knowing x86 Assembly Language, **little hard** on Windows. Hint : ne -> mp

# Web

## 1. In Your Head

> HTTP Headers

## 2. Broken Image

> Base64

## 2. Old School

> Browser Spoofing

## 3. Location

> Open up Network Tab in the Console and then Click on the Link.
> You can also try with some command line verbose cURL.

## 4. Ping

> You are pinging via a Linux Machine.
Hint: Bash

# Crypto

## 1. All about the Base64

> Base64 Encoding/Decoding

## 1. Rotation

> ROT-n or ROT-X

## 2. Substitute Teacher

> Substitution Cipher, plaintext is in English Language along with flag at the end.

## 2. Exclusive or

> As name suggests, XOR cipher. Key-length=1

## 3. Transposition

> As the name tells, Transposition Cipher


# Network

Prerequisites - Wireshark

## 1. Download

> `flag.jpg`

## 2. Wanna Buy A Flag?

> TCP Stream.

## 3. Weird Website

> Similar to Download above.

## 4. Captured Mail

> Similar to Download above.


# Misc

Prerequisite - fcrackzip for the Zip Files

## 1. Zipfile One

> Check Prerequisite

## 2. Zipfile Two

> Check Prerequisite

## 3. Reverse

> It's not reverse! It's swap! Contact for further hints.
